APM > .NET > Documentation updates for v1.21.1 release (#9309)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core.md

| `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY`                                        | Sets the directory for .NET Tracer logs.<br/><br/>Windows default: `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`<br/><br/>Linux default: `/var/log/datadog/dotnet/`                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_PATH`                                             | Sets the path for the automatic instrumentation log file and determines the directory of all other .NET Tracer log files. Ignored if `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY` is set.                                                                              |
| `DD_DISABLED_INTEGRATIONS`<br/><br/>`DisabledIntegrationNames`  | Sets a list of integrations to disable. All other integrations remain enabled. If not set, all integrations are enabled. Supports multiple values separated with semicolons. Valid values are the integration names listed in the [Integrations][2] section.           |

> | `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES`<br/><br/>`AdoNetExcludedTypes` | Sets a list of `AdoNet` types that will be excluded from automatic instrumentation. (e.g. : `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES=System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand`) |

Author: The example `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES=System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand` makes the line super long. I could change this to a short type name like `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES=Npgsql.NpgsqlCommand`

Reviewer: LGTM

> | `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES`<br/><br/>`AdoNetExcludedTypes` | Sets a list of `AdoNet` types that will be excluded from automatic instrumentation. (e.g. : `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES=System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand`) |

Reviewer: Is there anything we can do to help with the UI table now being larger than all other tables? Looks like we might be able to add a \n to the (e.g and drop it? Or change the font size? 

Looks like this is on both .NET Framework and .NET Core.

Author: If we can't change the font size, we'd have to remove the example usage because the configuration name is so long. And whenever we use the `code element`, our rendering will not break it up

Reviewer 2: Hi there! We're currently in the process of looking into how to resolve these issues in the near future. For the interim, you can use `{{< table table-type="break-word" >}}` or try to shorten type name as mentioned above. Example available here: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/content/en/agent/kubernetes/operator_configuration.md

Author: @jaycdave88 @sarina-dd updated above. I decided to just use the code element on the type name so we avoid the overflow. Let me know if it reads okay 😄

Reviewer: LGTM

| `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY`                                        | Sets the directory for .NET Tracer logs.<br/><br/>Windows default: `%ProgramData%\Datadog .NET Tracer\logs\`<br/><br/>Linux default: `/var/log/datadog/dotnet/`                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| `DD_TRACE_LOG_PATH`                                             | Sets the path for the automatic instrumentation log file and determines the directory of all other .NET Tracer log files. Ignored if `DD_TRACE_LOG_DIRECTORY` is set.                                                                              |
| `DD_DISABLED_INTEGRATIONS`<br/><br/>`DisabledIntegrationNames`  | Sets a list of integrations to disable. All other integrations remain enabled. If not set, all integrations are enabled. Supports multiple values separated with semicolons. Valid values are the integration names listed in the [Integrations][2] section.           |

> | `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES`<br/><br/>`AdoNetExcludedTypes` | Sets a list of `AdoNet` types (e.g. `System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand`) that will be excluded from automatic instrumentation. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_ADONET_EXCLUDED_TYPES`<br/><br/>`AdoNetExcludedTypes` | Sets a list of `AdoNet` types (for example, `System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand`) that will be excluded from automatic instrumentation. |
```

Reviewer 2: Small change for translation
